1. Why do we need a loop? How do you write a basic for loop?

    We need a loop to iterate through a data multiple times. We write a basic for loop in JavaScript
    using this syntax:

    for (expression 1, espression 2, expression 3) {
        // code block to be executed
    } 

    Expression 1 is performed only once before the code block is executed. Eg. let i = 0

    Expression 2 defines the condition for executing the code block. Eg. i < 5

    Expression 3 is carried out everytime after the code block is executed. Eg. i++

2. Difference between console.log() and return?

    The difference between console.log() and return is console.log() prints out the value on the terminal
    or console while return only gives back the value from a function. 

3. What are truthy values? What are falsy values?

    Truthy values are values that are equal to true in a boolean context while falsy values are values
    that are equal to false in a boolean context. Falsy values include false, '', "", 0, -0, 0n, NaN, null 
    and undefined while truthy values are any values that are not included as falsy values.

4. How does the Internet work?

    The Internet is essentially a series of fibre optic cables connected to special computers called servers.
    It enables users to access the Internet through their Internet Service Provider (ISP) to browse
    websites using their browser. 

5. How does a website work? What files are involved?

    A website is a collection of web pages. A web page is made from three files which are HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
    To access a website, the user has to type the name of the website in their search engine. The user's browser
    will then find the location of the website's server on the DNS server. It will then send a HTTP request message
    for a copy of the website to the website's server. The website's server will send data packets of the website
    which the browser will reassemble to display the website to the user.